ALL CR ACR _POST REMINDER ABOUT THIS NOTICE ON YOUR DIVISION GROUP  IMP_DT2 NOTICE & EDAI1 PROJECT_PAPER ON LINE SUBMISSION FOR JOURNAL /PATENT publication   All CR ACR share the following DT2 notice along with this message on your division group. Ask students to read all instructions carefully. This DT2 imp notice consist of a Google form link (See Point Number 16)  with appropriate instructions Deadline for the form submission is Thursday  30th March 2023 by 11 pm


Form

DESH_EDAI1_PAPERS FOR JOURNAL PUBLICATION / PATENT_RECORD_2022-23 SEM 1
 Respected  Sir, 

We hereby wish to publish  research work done  in Engineering Design and Innovation 1 (EDAI1)  Project  in Scopus indexed or SCIE (Web of Science)  indexed journals or wish to apply for Indian/US/World etc. patent. 
We are submitting herewith the necessary details which includes Research Topic and Invention, Names of Inventors and authors. The name of the Journals or Patents Databases, Plagiarism report etc.

We hereby assure to take sincere efforts and do the needful in order to complete the procedure for Research Paper/ Patent submission to respective Journal Publisher/ or the competent Patent Authorities.      

We take all the responsibility of the research work mentioned in the manuscript along with the results /Claims made in the manuscript of the paper / Patent Draft are true and are the outcome of our original work. 

We have received the consent from all authors about their permission to publish the above work  with /without their names to research journal / patent Draft

We declare that all the claims made above are true and are aware of the consequences, if any of them proved   incorrect. We also declare that we will not submit the Research Paper to more than one journal at a time.      

This is for your information 

Thank You 

EDAI1 Project group students 


                                                          -:  IMP INSTRUCTIONS :-


 Read all instructions given in the notice carefully and follow the same without fail

This form must be filled by Group leader using vit.edu account only

Before  you start filling this form please ensure all the required details, documents in Pdf format are ready with you 

Once you submit this form you cannot change or edit the same. Hence, verify all details filled in this form and also the documents attached are true and correct and then only submit the same  

Email the filled copy of the google form to your Project Guide without fail       
     

Deadline for the form submission :- Thursday  30th March 2023 by 11 pm ..
