1. Any shell scripting program. 
2.	Write a program demonstrating use of different system calls. 
3.	Implement multi threading for Matrix Operations using Pthreads.
4.	Implementation of Classical problems (reader writer)  using Threads and Mutex
5.	Implementation of Classical problems( producer consumer)  using Threads and Mutex
6.	Implementation of Classical problems (reader writer) using Threads and Semaphore. .(reader writer, producer consumer, dining philosopher)
7.	Implementation of Classical problems (producer consumer,) using Threads and Semaphore. 
8.	Implementation of Classical problems (dining philosopher) using Threads and Semaphore. 
9.	Write a program to compute the finish time, turnaround time and waiting time for the First come First serve
10.	Write a program to compute the finish time, turnaround time and waiting time for the
 Shortest Job First (Preemptive and Non Preemptive) 
11.	Write a program to compute the finish time, turnaround time and waiting time for the
Priority (Preemptive and Non Preemptive)
12.	Write a program to compute the finish time, turnaround time and waiting time for the
 Round robin 
13.	Write a program to check whether given system is in safe state or not using Banker’s  Deadlock Avoidance algorithm.
14.	Write a program for Deadlock detection algorithm
15.	Write a program to calculate the number of page faults for a reference string for the FIFO page replacement algorithms:
16.	Write a program to calculate the number of page faults for a reference string for the LRU page replacement algorithms: 
17.	Write a program to calculate the number of page faults for a reference string for the Optimal page replacement algorithms: 
18.	Write a program to simulate FCFS disk scheduling. Calculate total seek time.Print accepted input and output in tabular format
19.	Write a program to simulate SSTF disk scheduling. Calculate total seek time.Print accepted input and output in tabular format
20.	Write a program to simulate SCAN disk scheduling. Calculate total seek time.Print accepted input and output in tabular format
21.	Write a program to simulate C-SCAN disk scheduling. Calculate total seek time.Print accepted input and output in tabular format
22.	Write a program  for following 1)  zombie process 2)orphan processes 3)sum of even numbers of an array in parent and odd numbers of an array in child process
23.	Write a shell script to perform following operations on   student database.
a) Insert b) Delete c)Update d)Search
24.	Write a program to read and copy the contents of file character by character, line by line.
25.	Write a program to load ALP program from input file to main memory.
26.	Write a program to check Opcode error in a given job and raise an interrupt.
27.	Write a program to check Operand error in a given job and raise an interrupt.